update Secrets docs (#1643)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-secrets/getting-started.md

* Wait for your scheduled Semgrep full scan
* Open a pull request or merge request and wait for Semgrep to scan the branch automatically

## View your findings

You can use Semgrep AppSec Platform's **Secrets** page to view the findings generated by Semgrep Secrets after it scans your codebase. To access the [**Secrets** page](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/secrets):

> 1. Log in to [Semgrep AppSec Platform](https://semgrep.dev/login).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Sign in to [Semgrep AppSec Platform](https://semgrep.dev/login).
```
The button says **Sign in**. From the CLI we say **Log in**.

2. Click **[Secrets](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/secrets)** to navigate to your results.

### Secrets page structure

The **Secrets** page consists of:

- The **filter panel**, which you can use to group and filter for specific findings
- Information about findings identified by Semgrep Secrets. Each finding in the list includes:
  - When the finding was created

>   - The type of secret found and where in the code it is located, including its Project and branch information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - The [type of secret](#secret-type) found and where in the code it is located, including its Project and branch information
```

  - Its severity level
  - Whether it has been validated by a Semgrep validator

>   - Whether it is a historical finding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Whether it is a [historical finding](/semgrep-secrets/historical-scanning)
```

  - For users of the Semgrep Jira integration: whether there is a Jira ticket that accompanies that finding

### Filter findings

Semgrep AppSec Platform offers a variety of filters to help you narrow down the
list of findings. The following sections describe what filters are available to
you.

#### Triage status

| Status | Description |
| -----------  | ------------ |

> | **Open** | Findings are open by default. A finding is open if it was present the last time Semgrep scanned the code and it has not been ignored. An open finding represents a match between the code and a rule that is enabled in the repository. Open findings require action, such as rewriting the code to eliminate the detected vulnerability. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Open** | Findings are open by default. A finding is open if it was present the last time Semgrep scanned the code and hasn't been triaged. An open finding represents a match between the code and a rule that is enabled in the repository. Open findings require action, such as rewriting the code to eliminate the detected vulnerability. |
```
(Because we now have many triage states aside from Ignored)

Reviewer: I went and checked - secrets still doesn't have them even with "latest" jira. i'll close this comment
